[Music]
what your birth date says about your
personality both scientists and
statistics confirm that the date of your
birth can influence your character life
choices career and even your love life
that's why answering the questions in
this test will help you find out more
about your personality but before you
get to know yourself better remember to
press the subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us on the bright
side of life after each question you'll
have five seconds to contemplate your
answer remember to write down your
scores because you'll need to add them
up at the end of the test one when is
your birthday
a January through March be April through
June see July through September D
October through December answers if you
answer a you get 40 points answer B
brings you 30 points if you pick to
answer C write down 20 points
answer D is worth 10 points to pick your
favorite season a summer B spring C
winter D fall
[Music]
answers answer a brings you 20 points if
your answer is B you get 30 points if
you chose answer C add 40 points to your
total score answer D is worth 10 points
[Music]
3 what is the date of your birth a 1
through 8 b 9 through 17 c 18 through 25
d 26 through 31st
answers answer a is worth 10 points B
brings you 40 points if you picked
answer C write down 30 points if you
opted for answer D you get 20 points for
what time of day or night was it when
you were born a 12 a.m. to 7:00 a.m.
B 7:00 a.m. to 2 p.m.
C 2:00 p.m. to 9 p.m. d 9 p.m. to 12
a.m. answers if your answer is a you get
40 points if you pick to answer B write
down 20 points
answer C brings you 10 points answer D
is worth 30 points and 5 pick the
personality trait that's the most
prominent in your character a
thoughtfulness B creativity C
cheerfulness D discipline
[Music]
answers if your answer is a you get 40
points answer B is worth 20 points if
you opted for answer C write down 30
points if you chose answer D add 10
points to your total score 6 what are
your favorite colors a yellow and orange
be green and blue see pink and red D
black and white answers if your answer
is a write down ten points answer B
brings you 20 points
if you chose answer C that's plus 30
points answer D is worth 40 points 7
which animal do you like the most a fox
B wolf C dolphin D dear answers answer a
is worth 10 points if your answer is B
at 40 points to your total score if you
picked answer C write down 20 points if
your answer is D you get 30 points you
now have 10 seconds to calculate your
total score if you need more time you
can pause the video are you ready then
let's have a look at the results
[Music]
your total score is 70 to 110 although
you aren't susceptible to depression or
mood swings the people around you often
suffer from your irritability you are
determined and persistent and you try to
do everything to reach your goals you
have impressive ambitions and dream of a
bright future luckily your hard-working
nature makes your success highly
probable your friends are of the utmost
importance to you you treasure these
relationships and will do anything if
one of your friends needs help you love
being the center of attention
meeting new people chatting and making
friends keep in mind that you easily get
jealous angry and hurt try to restrain
these negative emotions your total score
is 120 to 150 all of your friends are
aware of your fickle character your mood
can swing from wonderful to dreadful in
a matter of minutes at the same time
you're an outgoing and sociable person
thanks to your extroverted side you're
referred to as friendly upbeat and
assertive besides you have the ability
to infect others with your unending
enthusiasm you love outdoor activities
and team sports played outside you have
great potential and can reach great
results in different spheres of life
you're also extremely sensitive which
can provoke sarcastic and even cynical
behavior you care deeply about the
people you love
you don't trust easily but when you do
it's for life you might become depressed
if you fail in something if you want to
succeed don't be too hard on yourself
your total score is 162 to 10 you're an
incredibly optimistic person you don't
lose heart even on the darkest days you
adore new experiences you are active and
energetic and tried out to stay inside
for too long being ambitious and
charismatic you have perfect leadership
qualities you can be a bit stubborn and
bossy but you're also creative and smart
you're very determined and nothing can
stop you from achieving your goal
your outgoing nature attracts people
that's why you are almost always
surrounded by friends and admirers but
while you respect and love your friends
you should be careful not to get too
bossy
this tendency of yours can push people
away it's also important for you to have
some alone time and spend it in nature
your total score is 220 to 280 you have
a stoic and calm personality you rarely
get angry and not many things in this
world can irritate you at the same time
you are a bit introverted and shy you
prefer staying at home and spending time
with your closest friends to loud
parties and big groups of people
relationships are extremely important to
you
you dream of finding your other half and
living happily ever after you love
making people happy and tend to overlook
their weaknesses and flaws you don't
like wasting money and usually think
twice before you make a serious purchase
you are resistant to colds and minor
infections have you learned anything new
about yourself and your character tell
us in the comment section below remember
to hit the like button share this video
with your friends and subscribe to this
channel to join us on the bright side of
life
[Music]